Dejun Qi
3252 S Wallace St. Chicago IL | dejunqi2008@gmail.com| (646)678-8444| http://dejunqi2008.github.io/
EDUCATION
DePaul University - Chicago, IL 							          	  (Expected) March 2017
Master of Science in Computer Science
GPA: 3.61 / 4.00
Key Coursers: Software development, Database, Algorithms, Machine Learning, Scientific Computing
University of Arkansas Fayetteville, AR	 					               			 May 2014
Doctor of Philosophy in Physics
GPA: 3.74 / 4.00
Dissertation: From Graphite to Graphene via Scanning Tunneling Microscopy
EXPERIENCE
Full Stack Web development Intern          	        	      				   2016 June - Present
Responsible for developing company's internal cloud management web application. Fully responsible for the front-end development(using bootstrap and other third party libraries), fully responsible for the server side development( with Python, Flask, and Django). Contributing to building REST service and REST PAI.
Research Assistant, University of Arkansas                  	        	      2010 Aug -2014 May
Performed ultra-high vacuum scanning tunneling microscopy on graphene, semiconductor materials. Managed an electronic and atomic characterization laboratory
PROJECTS
Discussion Forum of Department
This web app is hosted at “https://407ccd0a5e.pythonanywhere.com/depaulcdm_forum”
Fully functional discussion forum that allows user (registration and login required) to ask questions, answer questions, and vote for the question they like.
Design and implemented using Python and the Web2Py framework.
Smartphone-Based Recognition of human activities and postural transitions
Designed machine learning algorithm to analyze human activity signal recorded via smartphone.
Successfully classified 6 standard movements and 6 transition movements with error rate less than 10 %.
Online shopping bookstore app 
A fully functional full stack online store. Implemented user registration, login, shopping cart, and payment method. Bootstrap and standard CSS were used for front-end design; C# with .NET framework were used for server side programming. 
SKILLS
Web development, Object-oriented design, Networking, building REST service and REST API, Scientific Computing, Machine Learning
Python:				Flask,  Web2Py, Django, NumPy, SciPy
JavaScript: 			Angular.js, Reactive.js, Node.js, jQuery
C#:						.NET
Version control:		Git & Github
Databases:			MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, SQLite, MongoDB
Operating System:	Linux (Ubuntu, Fedora), MacOS, Windows
Others:				Java, Scala, PHP, HTML, CSS, MATLAB, Octave
